Updates NUsight Getting Started section and `NUsight.yaml` to `NetworkForwarder.yaml` (#130)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/03-guides/01-main-codebase/03-camera-calibration.mdx

    The serial numbers can be retrieved by first running `lsusb` and finding the bus and device numbers for the FLIR/Point Grey cameras. Then run `lsusb -s <bus number>:<device number> -v` to find the serial numbers.

>     Next you need to figure out which serial number is left and which is right. Change the serial number for one camera to an incorrect number (this ensures it's not found when running cameratest). Enable compressed images in `NetworkForwarder.yaml`. Run `./cameratest` and test which camera is working by covering one camera and seeing the resulting image in the NUsight vision tab. Alternatively, you could unplug one camera rather than change the serial number. If the serial number is on the wrong camera configuration file, switch them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Next you need to figure out which serial number is left and which is right. Change the serial number for one camera to an incorrect number (this ensures it's not found when running cameratest). Enable `message.output.CompressedImage` in `NetworkForwarder.yaml`. Run `./cameratest` and test which camera is working by covering one camera and seeing the resulting image in the NUsight vision tab. Alternatively, you could unplug one camera rather than change the serial number. If the serial number is on the wrong camera configuration file, switch them.
```

Author: Not entirely relevant but sure.

Reviewer: Yeah I was here and though why not.

3.  Verify these values by running vision and checking the output in NUsight.

>     1. Ensure `NetworkForwarder.yaml` has enabled compressed images and vision objects.

Reviewer: Would also be worth adding which specific vision objects from `message.vision.*` we want them to add, and put those in parenthesis.

```suggestion
    1. Ensure `NetworkForwarder.yaml` has enabled compressed images (`message.output.CompressedImage`) and vision objects.
```

Author: Also not entirely relevant for this PR but sure :P
